- What is the time complexity of inserting into a sorted singly-linked LL? How can you do it in one pass only?
  - The time complexity of inserting into a sorted singly-linked list is O(n). You can do it in one pass only by looping through each node in a linked list until you find a node X who's next node Y is greater than the node to be inserted Z. Then change the pointer of Z's next to be pointing to Y, and change the pointer of X's next to be pointing to Z.


- What do you have to do to delete a node from a list?
  - To delete a node from a list, check to see if the target node is the head node. If it is the head node, then copy the data of next node to the head. Then remove the link of the next node by pointing the next node of the next node to the head's next node. If target node is not the head node, then find the previous node to the target node. Change the pointer of previous' next node to previous' next's next node (bypassing the pointer to the target node.) For either case, if head.next or prev.next doesn't exist, then target node cannot be deleted.


- What is the matter with the Naive solution for Timeline?
  - The naive solution for Timeline is that the amount of data in the Tweets table can get really big. That would require a longer lookup time through the database as the amount of data increases.


- How would you ensure high availability of the timeline?
  - You can ensure high availability of the timeline by using Redis to replicate every home timeline for a user three times. This provides fast read times and fast performance, but sacrifices memory.
