- How may we compare two strings using a Linked List?
  - To compare two strings using a linked list:
    1. Traverse both lists until either end of a list is reached or the current characters do not match.
    2. If both lists are not empty, compare the characters that do not match (return 1 if first list is greater than second list, else return -1.)
    3. If either of the lists reached the end while the other did not, return 1 if first list still exists, or return 2 if second list still exists.
    4. Return 0 at the end (both strings match).


- Explain how you handle numbers of different sizes when summing two Linked Lists.
  - When summing two linked lists of different sizes, save the difference between the two sizes in a variable 'diff'. Calculate the sum of the two lists by starting the bigger linked list after 'diff' nodes. Traversing through the nodes, store each node in a call stack, then sum the rightmost nodes. Pop off the nodes from the call stack until it is empty, carrying over any overflow from the sums. Then add the remaining numbers from the larger linked list to the sum.


- Explain how the carry operation works in the above solution
  - The carry operation results from adding two numbers between 0-9, and there is an overflow (eg. 8 + 7 = 15). The least significant digit is stored as the sum, while the most significant digit, represented by the overflow, is 'carried' over to be added to the next digit.


- Discuss Searching, Indexing, and Push notifications in the context of Designing Twitter.
  - (24:20) When a tweet is posted, an independent architecture from the timeline is triggered to store the tweet, which also indexes the tweet. This allows the search function to locate the tweet as fast as possible. Push notifications (text/SMS) can also be incorporated to have the notifications sent out whenever a tweet is posted. 
