- When creating an alternating linked list, what do you do?
  - To create an alternating linked list, traverse through each node in the first list, and insert a pointer from the current node to the each node in the 2nd list. This is done repeatedly until the first list is done, so any remaining nodes in the second list would remain in the same position.


- What is the best method for getting the union and intersection of two lists?
  - To get the intersection of two lists, traverse through the first list and look for each node in second list. If it exists in the second list, then add the node to a result list.
  - To get the union of two lists, traverse through the first list and add all nodes to a result list. Then traverse through the second list and add only elements that are not in the first list.


- Explain imperative vs. Declarative in react.
  - Imperative programming in react is when the explicit instructions are written out in the code to show the different steps, while declarative is when the code is written such that it does not explicitly show how an action is performed. Declarative programming is easier to understand for another person reading the code, and also the same code can be used in different components and work just fine.


- What is the value of enum as a datatype?
  - The value of enum as a datatype is a constant, like the colors of a vehicle or the suits in a deck of cards.


- Explain the idea of an abstract class.
  - An abstract class is a class that has traits where all other classes have in common and can inherit from. (Eg. Vehicle class which different types of vehicles can inherit from)
