- What are the steps to detecting a cycle in a graph?
  1. Allocate memory for creating V subsets (where V is number of vertices).
  2. Initialize all subsets as single element sets.
  3. Iterate through all edges of the graph, find subset of both vertices of every edge. Return true if both subsets are the same.


- What is currying?
  - Currying is translating a function from callable as 'f(a, b, c)' into callable as 'f(a)(b)(c)'.


- What extra features do you get when using lodash.curry?
  - When using lodash.curry, it returns a wrapper that allows a function to be called normally when all arguemnts are supplied or returns a partial otherwise.


- Why might you use currying?
  - You use currying to be able to keep the function callable normally and to get partials easily.


- What is the rationale for writing services?
  - The rationale for writing services is when domain objects are doing too much work, and there is a need to break their multiple responsibilities into separate services (operation).


- What are the 9 areas of inquiry that you you should define from a high level before diving into implementation?
  1. Features (figure out what to include/exclude)
  2. Define APIs (who/how the APIs will be called for the features)
  3. Availability (determine how available the service will be if host/server goes down)
  4. Latency Performance (background or customer-facing requests)
  5. Scalability (would it work for 100, 1000, or 1 million users?)
  6. Durability (can data be stored in database securely, won't get lost/compromised?)
  7. Class Diagram (how would the class be designed using object-oriented principles)
  8. Security and Privacy (design an authentication system?)
  9. Cost effective (is it cost effective? Alternate solution?)


- compare ACID vs. BASE
  - ACID (atomicity, consistency, isolation, durability) is used more in traditional relational databases, while BASE (basically, available, soft-state, eventual consistency) is used more for NoSQL databases.


- What is consistent hashing?
  - Consistent hashing is a technique of partitioning/sharding data, where lots of data is stored in many different nodes of a database, and every node is responsible for a parts of the data.


- What is optimistic vs. pessimistic locking?
  - Optimistic locking is when performing a database transaction, you do not acquire any locks, but when you are ready to commit your transaction, you check to see if no other transaction updated the data that you are working on. Pessimistic locking is when you acquire all the locks beforehand and then commit the transaction.


- What is strong vs. eventual consistency?
  - Strong consistency (relational database) is when your reads will always see the latest writes, while eventual consistency (provides higher availability) means that the reads will see some writes, but will eventually see latest writes.


- Compare and contrast SQL vs. NoSQL vis a vis the above
  - SQL (relational database) uses strong consistency and provides nice ACID properties, while NoSQL can use either strong or eventual consistency, depending on the need for higher availability.


- Why is caching important in system design?
  - Caching is important in system design because it speeds up the requests (more frequently accessed data should be cached). Cache data has to be small because it is kept in memory.
