- What is the Floyd-Warchall algorithm good for?
  - The Floyd-Warchall algorithm is used for finding the shortest distances between every pair of vertices in a given edge weighted directed graph.


- How does it work?
  - The Floyd-Warchall algorithm works by initializing a result matrix with the same data as the input graph matrix. The result matrix is then updated by going through all the vertices as an intermediate vertex k. Looping through i, j, and k from 1 to the number of vertices V in the graph, the lesser of the two distances (dist[i][j] or dist[i][k] + dist[k][j]) would then be updated in the result matrix as the shortest distance. The time complexity would be O(V^3) because of looping through i, j, and k to V.


- What is the idea of creating services?
  - The idea of creating services is to not clutter your Models or Controllers in a Rails application. Creating a services folder allow you to keep the code in the controller clean and DRY.


- Review the following concepts you have learn earlier: HTTP/HTTPS, TCP/UDP, DNS lookup, Public key encryption, symmetric vs. asymmetric keys, Load balancers, CDN


- What is a Bloom Filter?
  - A Bloom Filter is a space-efficient probabilistic data structure used to decide if an element is a member of a set or not. It can have false positives, but it will never have false negatives.


- What is PAXOS?
  - PAXOS is a set of protocols used to derive consensus (agreeing on one result among a group) or distributed host. It is usually used when durability is required (replicating a file or database).


OOP design patterns, singletons, Virtual Machines, Containers,


- What is Pub-Sub pattern?
  - Pub-Sub pattern is when a publisher publishes a message to a queue, and then a subscriber receives that message from the queue. A customer-facing request should not be directly exposed to a pub-sub system.


- What is Map Reduce?
  - Map Reduce is used to do distributed and parallel processing of big data. Map is filtering and sorting the data, while reduce is summarizing the data.


- What is multithreading?
  - Multithreading is the execution of multiple threads independently within a process, while sharing the process resources.


- What is Redis?
  - Redis is a distributed cache database, which holds the data in-memory through key-value storage.


- What is Kafka?
  - Kafka is a fault-tolerant, horizontally scalable, highly available queue that uses the publisher-subscriber pattern. It is used for building real-time data pipelines and streaming apps.


- What are NGINX and HAProxy?
  - NGINX and HAProxy are load balancers that are very efficient. NGINX can manage thousands of connections from a client from a single instance. HAProxy also provides a proxy server for TCP and HTTP-based applications.


- What is Docker?
  - Docker is a software platform for developing container-based applications. These containers can run on a laptop, on a data-center, or on the cloud.


- What is Hadoop/Spark?
  - Hadoop is an open source distributed processing framework that manages data processing and storage for big data applications running in clustered systems.
