- Explain the syntax flex: 1, flex: 2, etc.
  - flex is used in the child elements when the parent element has a display: flex property. The 1 indicates that the space is divided evenly amongst the children elements. If one element has flex: 2 and the rest flex: 1, then the one element will be twice as wide as the others.


- What is the default value of align-items in the flex world?
  - The default value of align-items is 'stretch', which makes the children elements have equal height (when parent has the display: flex property).


- What is flex-basis?
  Flex-basis is a flex property that is used in a child element whose parent has the display:flex property. The flex-basis is used to indicate the size (width/height) of each child element.


- Explain flex-wrap
  - flex-wrap is used in the parent container that has the property of display:flex. Its default value is 'nowrap', which causes child elements to stay in the same row even when the window size is decreased. Using 'wrap' instead would cause the child elements to be displayed in multiple rows (when needed).


- what is margin: auto used for?
  - margin: auto, used on a child element, and when combined with a parent element using display:flex, would horizontally and vertically center the child element on the parent.


- Explain the decision to use 7 characters for the tinyURL
  - Using 7 characters for tinyURL makes sense because there are 62 different characters that can be used. With 7 characters, there can be up to ~3.5 trillion combinations of URLs created. Even at the rate of a thousand tinyURLs per second, it would take 110 years to exhaust all possible combinations.


- How do you turn a random number between 1 and 3.5 trillion into a 7 character string?
  - By representing the random number with 43 bits, which would convert into a 7 character string.


- What is the downside to just generating a random string, checking the db and putting it if it doesn't exist?
  - The downside is that while the tinyURL is being stored with the corresponding long URL, another worker thread for another request could be putting the same tiny URL for some other long URL into the database. The result is that one of the longer URL will become corrupted.


- What is the downside to generating a random string, putting into the DB, getting and checking they are the same?
  - The downside is that it might take a long time (infinite) to look through all the URLs that do not exist in the database.
