- What other problems have similar solutions?
  - Another problem that has a similar solution is finding the number of islands in a boolean 2D matrix.


- Explain the difference between inline and inline block.
  - Inline is the default property of all elements, it will accept margin and padding, but the element will still sit inline, pushing other elements horizontally away (not vertically). Inline block is similar to inline (keeps element with natural flow of text), but the width and height properties would apply.


- Explain display: block
  - display: block causes the elements to not sit inline, and take up as much horizontal space as possible.


- What does position relative and absolute do?
  - 'Position: relative' moves the element away from its original position, the direction and magnitude to be defined in the child element (ex. top: 20px). Position absolute removes the element from the flow of the document and other elements will act as if the target element does not exist (positional properties still exist).


- What is the MD5 based approach? Advantages/disadvantages?
MD5 is a hashing function that generates 128-bit long hash, and takes the 43 bits to convert to a tinyURL. The probability of a collision increases if less bits are taken (smaller tinyURL), while it decreases with more bits taken (longer tinyURL).


- Explain the counter based approach.
  - The counter based approach consists of 3 ways to solve the problem: Single Host, All Host, and Range Based. Single Host is when one host (database or zookeeper instance) is responsible for maintaining a counter that provides a unique number when a worker host requests a new number for producing a tinyURL. The counter is then incremented. All Host is when the worker hosts each maintains its own counter, but this results in a higher probability of collision.


- What are the advantages with a range-based counter approach?
  - It scales really well (maintained by zookeeper). When a new worker thread is added, there's less chance of collisions because of the many different ranges that are available. If a worker thread goes down, the data is only lost from the small range of numbers associated with that worker thread.
