- Explain Kruskal's Minimum Spanning Tree algorithm.
  -Kruskal's Minimum Spanning Tree algorithm is used to find the subgraph that is a tree and connects all vertices together, in a connected and undirected graph. It has V-1 edges, where V is the number of vertices in the given graph. It also has a weight less than or equal to the weight of every other spanning tree. First, sort all the edges in non-decreasing order of the weights. Then pick the smallest edge and check if it forms a cycle with the spanning tree formed. If no cycle is formed, then include the edge. If a cycle is formed, do not include the edge. Keep picking the next smallest edge until there are V-1 edges in the subgraph.


- What algorithm does this remind you of? What's the difference?
  - This algorithm reminds me of Dijkstra's algorithm in that both find the shortest paths between nodes in a graph. Whereas the Kruskal's MST algorithm looks through all nodes in the entire graph, Dijkstra's algorithm may just look through 2 nodes for the shortest path between the nodes.


- Explain floats and clears
  - Float (left, right, none, or inherit) is a position property in CSS, which allows an element to remain a part of the flow of the web page, so that text can flow around the element. If an image uses float, resizing the image would allow the surrounding text to reflow to fit. Clear (both, left, right, none) is used on elements to prevent the other elements from floating on either side of the given element.


- Explain the clearfix
  - Clearfix is a way of clearing floats around an element. It is applied to a container element using '.clearfix::after', and then clear: both, content: ".", and applying a display property.


- What is a Trie?
    - A trie is a tree data structure used for storing collections of strings. If 2 strings have a common prefix, then they have the same ancestor in the tree.


- What might you want to store in each node in your Trie?
  - You want to store 2 things in each node in a Trie: a hashmap that represents the characters in the node, and a boolean value to represent whether the character in the node is the end of the word.


- How do you handle it when your Trie becomes too large to be stored on one machine?
  - The data can be divided across multiple nodes by adding more Trie nodes ('a-k' -> T1, T2, T3 and k-$ -> T4, T5, T6). This can be further divided if the data gets even larger.


- How would you collect and update the top results for a certain node in the Trie?
  - (12:34)
