-  Why is binary search logarithmic time?
  - Binary search is logarithmic time because we assume the given array is sorted, and therefore, we look at only one half of the array at each recursive call, shrinking the number of elements to be checked each time.


- If an element is smaller than its right neighbors, explain why there is definitely a peak to the right.
  - If an element is smaller than its right neighbors, then either the right neighbor is a peak (right neighbor is higher than everything to its right), or the highest number on the right side is the peak. A peak occurs when both left and right numbers are smaller than the middle number, or when the first/last number is the highest.


- What is a Promise?
  - A Promise is a JavaScript object that links the result of a function to make it available for use in another subscribed function.


- What arguments does the Promise object take?
  - The Promise object takes two arguments that are functions (pre-defined): 'resolve' and 'reject'.


- What arguments does the resolve function take?
  - The resolve function takes one argument ('value'), which is returned when the resolve function is called after the Promise resolves.


- What arguments does .then take?
 explain .then in the context of the callback queue.
  - '.then' takes in up to 2 functions as arguments: the first function is run when the Promise is resolved and the function receives the result. The second function is run when the Promise is rejected and it receives the error. The functions in '.then' are put into a callback queue and it only runs when all the code on the lines below the '.then' have finished executing.


- Top 10 ways to speed up a website.
    1. Reduce the number of HTTP requests (images, stylesheets, scripts).
    2. Minify and combine files like HTML, CSS, and JS files (reduces the size of each file, as well as total number of files). Remove unnecessary formatting, whitespace, and code.
    3. Use asynchronous loading for CSS and JS files. Synchronous loading will cause scripts to appear one at a time, while asynchronous loading will load the scripts simultaneously.
    4. Defer JavaScript loading: prevent a file from loading until after other elements have loaded. Deferring a larger file ensures that the rest of the page can load with delay.
    5. Minimuze the time for the first byte to load (TTFB, Time to first byte), recommended less than 200 ms.
    6. Reduce server response time: Switch a faster DNS provider for faster lookup time of IP addresses.
    7. Choose the right hosting option:
      - Shared hosting (share resources like CPU, disk space, and RAM with other sites on same server)
      - VPS hosting (share server but have own dedicated portions of resources)
      - Dedicated server (more space, but have to do own config and setup)
    8. Run a compression audit: compress images and other files that are over 100kb in size. Use http://www.gidnetwork.com/tools/gzip-test.php to run a compression audit to check if your page is compressed (HTML, CSS, JS, plain text, and XML files).
    9. Enable compression: use https://www.gnu.org/software/gzip/. Check https://checkgzipcompression.com/ to see if site is compatible.
    10. Enable browser caching: storing elements in a cache or temporary storage allows for faster load times by not requiring the same elements to be re-loaded.


  - Why is FTP a bad idea?
    - FTP (File Transfer Protocol) is a bad idea it is completely unencrypted, so sensitive data can be intercepted by anyone who has access to the server that you are using to transfer the data.


  -  What kinds of information is at risk when communicating over HTTP?
    - Session information (cookie header), which allows a different user to configure another computer to impersonate the original user's account.


  -  Why should you ensure that files on a web server are not being executed by root?
    - You should ensure that files on a web server are not being executed by root because the files should be executed by a specific username, so that other users cannot access the same files.
