- Explain how you can still find an element in log time when the array is rotated.
  - You can still find an element in log time when the array is rotated because once you find the pivot element where the array was rotated at, you can perform a binary search on the left and right side of the pivot element. The pivot element is the only element where the element to the right is smaller than it. The binary search would then be performed in in log n time.


- What is Promise Chaining?
  - Promise Chaining is when there is a sequence of asynchronous tasks that are performed one after another, using the result from the first asynchronous task, and then passing that result in to the next task, and so on.


- Explain what is returned by .then.
  - The '.then' handler returns a value which is the result of a promise. Normally, the value is immediately passed to the next handler, but if the '.then' returns a promise, then the promise must finish executing before the result of that promise can be given to the next '.then' handler.


- How can you suspend the execution of a .then statement?
  - A '.then' statement is suspended when there is a new promise within the '.then' statement. It is suspended until the new promise settles, before being able to move on to the next '.then' handler.


- How can you speed up a website?
  - You can speed up a website by using external CSS code instead of embedding or using inline CSS code.
  - Put stylesheets in the <head> so that the page renders progressively. Put scripts at the bottom of the page so that the rendering of the page doesn't get blocked while the JS is loaded/executed.
  - Use <script **async** src = "example.js"> to load the script asynchronously, allowing the page to continue to get parsed.
  - Cache the array length in a loop: Store the length of the array to a variable so that the array length isn't re-calculated at each iteration.


- What is WPA2?



- What is public key cryptography?


- What is a certificate authority?


- Why do certificate authorities exist?
