- How does Interpolation Search Work?
  - Interpolation Search works by calculating the value of a position given the starting and ending indices of an array. The value is then compared to the target value. If the target value is less than the value of the calculated position, then the search continues in the subarray that ends at the calculated position - 1. Else if the target is higher, the search continues in the subarray that begins at the calculated position + 1. The 'probe' position is calculated by: **startIndex + [ (target - arr[startIndex])* (endIndex - startIndex) / (arr[endIndex] - arr[startIndex]) ]**


- What is its expected time complexity, and what is its worst time complexity? Why?
  - Its expected time complexity is O(log(log(n))) if the elements are uniformly distributed, while its worst case can take up to O(n) if the key values increase exponentially.


- When would you want to use Promise.resolve()?
  - You use Promise.resolve() when you already have a value, but want to have the value 'wrapped' into a promise, so that the value can be used in a '.then' that is chained to the function that has the Promise.resolve().


- Explain how Promise.all works.
  - Promise.all takes in an iterable object with promises (such as an array) and returns a new promise, which resolves when all of the promises settle and the Promise.all has an array of their results. If any of the promises is rejected, then Promise.all will immediately reject with that error.


- What happens when you pass a non-promise object in the iterable you pass to Promise.all?
  - When you pass a non-promise object in the iterable that is passed to Promise.all, the object gets wrapped in Promise.resolve, and the promise executes as usual.


- What is Promise.race?
  - Promise.race is similar to Promise.all in that it takes an iterable of promises, but returns the first promise that resolves/rejects, ignoring all other promises that 'lost the race'.


- What is the DOM?
  - The DOM represents HTML as a tree structure of tags (elements).

- What happens when you omit the head tag or the body tag in your HTML?
  - When you omit the head tag or the body tag in HTML, the browser automatically corrects it when making the DOM, adding the missing elements in the DOM.


- What happens if you include more tags after the tag?
  - The new tags will be added to the DOM tree, as a child node of the tag that you put inside of.


- What kind of object is returned by .childNodes?
  - '.childNodes' returns all child nodes, including text nodes. This is a collection, a special array-like iterable object.


- Talk about the different ways your can access DOM elements in jS.
  - You can access DOM elements in JS by calling
   - '.children' = only children that are element nodes.
   - 'firstElementChild' and 'lastElementChild' = first and last element children
   - 'previousElementSibling' and 'nextElementSibling' = neighbor elements
   - 'parentElement' = parent element.


- What are two important properties of DOM collections?
  1. Collections are iterable, so we can use 'for..of' to iterate over it.
  2. Array methods won't work with it because it is not an array, so must use Array.from(document.body.childNodes).filter to use the filter or other array methods.


- What's the difference between calling .childNodes and calling
.children?
  - Calling '.children' only shows the children that are element nodes, while calling '.childNodes' returns all child nodes and the text nodes within.


- Explain Diffie-Hellman key exchange. Why does it work?
  - It is an algorithm that uses public key cryptography, where 2 parties agree in advance 2 numbers (a generator g, usually 2, and a prime number p). Each party chooses a random secret number and computes **(g^A) % p** and **(g^B) % p**. The results are sent to each other, then each party computes the received values using TsubB^A or TsubA^B, reversing the calculations to obtain the encrypted information.
