- What is the best solution to this problem?
  - The best solution is to use QuickSelect to sort an array, in which a random pivot element is selected. The pivot element is selected by randomly generating an index between 1 and r, and then partitioning around the random element. Then compare the random element's position with k. If it is less than k, then recur for the right subarray. If greater than k, then recur for the left subarray. Repeat until position is equal to k. Time complexity is expected to be linear time, while worst case is exponential.

- Compare using a min-heap and a max-heap to
solve this problem.
  - Using a min-heap/max-heap, we can get the kth smallest element (kth largest for max-heap) by building a min-heap (max-heap) with the size of k, and then iterating through the array starting at the index (array length - k). Each element is compared to the root, and if it is smaller (larger, if max-heap), then it replaces the root. Return root a the end.
  Time complexity is O(k + (n-k)(logk)).


- What does the async keyword do?
  - Placed before a function, 'async' makes the function return a promise. If the function returns a non-promise, then JS would automatically wrap the return value into a resolved promise.


- What does the await keyword do?
  - 'await' only works inside an async function. Await pauses the function execution until the promise settles and returns its result, similar to using promise.then to get the resulting value.


- what does console.dir() do?
  - console.dir(element) shows the element as a DOM object, so you can explore its properties, while console.log(element) shows the element DOM tree.


- What happens if you set innerHTML to a
script?
  - Setting innerHTML to a script would allow you to access the HTML inside the element as a string. Setting an element.innerHTML to something else, modifies the element.


- What does the .hidden property do?
  - The .hidden property, when set to true, makes the element no visible. It can also be used in HTML like: <div hidden>Hidden Text</div>.


- What is SQL injection? How do you avoid it?
  - A SQL injection is when an attacker tampers with the existing data of a database by using an entry field of a form to insert SQL statements that could potentially return or even delete all users data. To prevent this from happening, you can escape characters that have a special meaning in SQL, using "mysql_real_escape_string" (puts backslash in front of quotes)
