- Explain how this can be solved in linear time.
  - Finding a pair in an array whose sum is closest to a given x can be solved in linear time by using a while loop (while first index l is < the last index r). A variable diff is initialized as infinity, and the result is initialized as an empty string. Using the while loop, check if the absolute value of the sum of the first and last value minus x is less than diff. If it is, then the new value is the new diff, and the result is both values. If the sum is less than x, then increment l. Else, decrement r. Once the loop ends, return the result.


- What does data before action mean?
  - In object-oriented programming, data types are generated first, and then the operations are determined based on the data types.


- What are the components of a class?
  - The components of a class are fields (data member) and methods (function member).


- What is encapsulation?
  - Encapsulation is when the field of an object and instance can only be read and written by methods of that instance's class.


- What is the difference between public and private methods?
  - Public methods are visible anywhere, meaning that it is okay to access them from outside their own class. Private methods are only meant to be accessed by methods of the same class.


- What is same-origin policy?
  - Same-origin policy is when a web browser allows scripts from one web page to access data in a different web page, only when both web pages have the same origin (URI scheme, host name, and port number).


- When is it not enforced?
  - Same-origin policy is not enforced when embedding resources across origins, such as images, CSS and scripts via the corresponding HTML tags.


- What is JSONP?
  - JSONP is padded JSON, which uses script tag hacks so that you can grab data from a server and tell the server in advance what function to be called when the data comes back.
